---
layout: post
title:  "Entry #15 - Hygiene"
author: "Parav"
comments: false
---

Today starts the third month - Hygiene. 

You might wonder what's this doing here.

Hygiene.

I mean who doesn't have basic personal hygiene down. You'd be surprised. You have not lived in a boys hostel in India. I used to be decent. But living in a hostel for so long has made what is deviant normal to me. So, I'm gonna have to be deliberate and relearn basic hygiene. I'd even go as far as becoming a neat freak.

Let's start with what's good. I shower daily, I brush my teeth daily and I usually wear clean clothes. I've recently started using a moisturizer. 

I think this one is all in the details. For teeth, I want to start brushing twice a day and also start flossing. I want to also use some kind of mild teeth whitener.

For skin, I think I don't really need anything except sunscreen and moisturizer, but I'll research about it.

The area that needs the most work I think is the space I live in. While it is in no way repulsive - I wouldn't even call it bad, but that's just me - I think it needs work. It is a little messy. I would like to build some kind of system to keep that neat.

Then there is the laundry. It just keeps on piling. Its something I don't really like to do. No, let's not mince words - I hate doing laundry. I'm gonna have to do something about that.

My hair have dandruff. It keeps under control if I shampoo twice or thrice every week, which I do, but still that's just keeping it under control, and not getting rid of the problem. I'll research more into this and try to figure out some permanent solution. 

While this doesn't come under hygiene, and I can't do anything about it while the lockdown is going on, I want to decorate my room with something. Just personalize it a little. Maybe hang some posters or the like. 
