---
layout: post
title:  "Entry #11 - Lockdown"
author: "Parav"
comments: false
---

I wake up and check the time. 

11:05 AM

This is the latest I've woken up in a long, long time. I remember last night. I was feeling not so good. The gym is closed for God knows how long, and all anybody talks about is the virus. 

I remember I was watching Sons of Anarchy season 1. Good show, but I'm done with it. I remind myself that I'm done with TV. Last night was a slip up. I close all the tabs on my laptop and move on with my day. I get a call from one of my two friends.

Holy Shit.

HOLY. FUCKING. SHIT.

India is on a lockdown for 21 days. The PM dude just went on TV and announced it like it was no big deal. 

I used to like him. 

I count the number of milk cartons I have. I dress up and get my ass to the grocery store. 

Empty.

Everything is sold out.

I feel like I'm in a movie. Like I'm one of those side characters who's cold as ice. And dies maybe number 3. Because I still don't see what the big deal is. I think the lockdown is going to claim more lives than the virus will.

Anyways, there goes everything I have planned. Swallowed by the virus. Funny thing is, I have a masters in Chemistry, so I know a little about viruses, but I still like to imagine them as cartoonish monsters, you know. And I don't know, I just feel like the corona is just like the junior monster. He tries his level best but all he can do is steal the numbers from bigger, badder monsters like cancer.

I just hope he doesn't call his big brother, who's on heavy juice and is busting his ass in the gym, waiting for the chance. The big corona would absolutely destroy the fucking shit out of us.

I'm doing bodyweight exercises now. Diet is about the same. So, let's see what happens.

**Weigh in:** 110.8
