---
layout: post
title:  "Entry #12 - The fast"
author: "Parav"
comments: false
---

These people are crazy.

3-day fasts. 5-day fasts. 7-day fasts.

Each better than the other, according to them. I'm fasting today. Don't remeber when I decided that. Just remember that I forgot to have breakfast and when the time came for lunch, I had this idea in my head that today, I'm only drinking water.

Slowly, I'm gravitating towards a 3-day fast. That would be amazing, to pull off something like that, for a person like me. I mean, half of my life is food. Anyways, lets get through today. I feel lightheaded, hungry, and tired. My stomach feels like it's about to collapse. I have a box full of chocos sitting right in front of me, tantalizing me, teasing me.

I put the box away. I'm too weak to face an enemy like that right now. Its 6 PM. Its almost over. I'll go to bed early today. 

What's this smell?

No. 

Of all the days, someone picked today to make some Paranthas. I'm going crazy. Who makes Paranthas for dinner anyways. Psychopaths, thats who.

I haven't left my room today. I didn't go to the kitchen. I brought a large can of water here. I called all two of my friends. I called home. I called everyone I could call. Just to not let my mind wander. I wrote a song today. I might have been the most productive today in a long time, despite all those calls.

But then, I sit down to meditate. Its a new technique I'm checking out. A calm washes over me. I can still smell the food. Ah, the delicious food. I can almost taste it. 

But I don't want to. 

I'm fasting.

I'm at peace.

I can feel my body. Better than I've ever felt it before. I can hear my heartbeat. I'm going to make it. I know that. I drink some water. I feel it in my body. Its an amazing experience.

I continue reading the War of Art from where I left off.

**Weigh in:** 108.8 
