---
layout: post
title:  "First Month Summary and Some Background"
author: "Parav"
---

I'm writing this on 7th April, 2020. I've put 8th March on it so as to not break continuity. 

Knowing what I know now, the first month was kind of a slow start. I did not get much done at all. I was just winging it, you know, without a concrete plan in my mind. I have a much better plan now. Hey, everybody starts somewhere. But I think its important to start. This was the first step I had taken to reclaim back some control in my life. The feeling of being drunk that I talk about, its real. I've felt drunk for five years, the whole time I was in college. It was in some ways the best and the worst time of my life. Anyways, lets talk background.

Let me just get this out of the way. I didn't just bench 100 Kg out of nowhere. Some of you might think its no big feat at all. That's cool. But in my time in the gym (and I have been to a lot of different gyms), I have maybe seen two or three guys do that. Maybe its an India thing, maybe not. But if there is some skinny guy reading this busting his ass day in and day out in the gym still stuck at 60 Kg or 80 Kg or whatever, don't get disheartened. You're doing good. I have been going to the gym on and off for about five years. I have a lot of fat, yes, but I have some muscle mass too.

I come from a small town. I was one of the "cool" kids in my high school. I was popular. I had friends. But you see, I had never seen a big city. I remember the first time I went to a mall. I tripped over the escalators. My town has no malls. It has none of the fast food chain restaurants. Everybody knows everyone there. 

Now, you take that kid and you put him in one of the major cities in India, he's gonna be scared. My college was in the outskirts of the city, but it is a large city nonetheless. More importantly, there were people there from all walks of life. Now, I knew how to speak English. I was a voracious reader. But what some of these people were speaking, was a different kind of English. I had never heard that.

The first year, was decent. I went to some classes. Got my own group of friends. Found a place where I fit in. I had a healthy amount of social interaction. I remember I weighed around 80 Kg back then. I was a healthy individual. That changed soon. In my second year, the friends I had made all found their purpose. They all became serious about their studies, their startups, whatever. I didn't have anything. I didn't like what I was studying, so I tried a bunch of stuff. Nothing really panned out. Then there was the food. I hated it. Absolutely hated it. 

And then it started.

Periods of social isolation. My friends would go to classes, or wherever, you know, and I would just stay there, in my hostel, alone. I started shoveling processed crap in my mouth because I couldn't stand the real food they made in the canteen. I found the imaginary world of TV and movies. And then I get the worst news of my life. Something bad happened at home. I drowned myself in the imaginary.

I would go weeks without talking to anyone. Without coming out of my room. I wanted to, but the friends I currently had were not really interested in listening to me (at least in my mind), and its really difficult to make new friends in college. Everyone forms their own little circle and its difficult to break into new ones.

I was, as I learned later, depressed. 

There were periods where it was okay, though. When I would find something new, usually at the beginning of a new semester. I would meet a senior, and he would inspire me. But it usually lasted a month or two, tops. Then I was back to the same routine. I, at one time, thought I was bipolar.

There were a couple of things that saved my life. Music and books. More escapism, but it was way better than TV. Music has always had such an impact on me, that I would just forget about everything else. Then I picked up guitar. So, I would put my time in that. It gives you some confidence, learning a skill. Making progress. Otherwise, I was stuck in a cycle. 

The books I read, whew. There were these amazing ideas of people who had done so much work. I mean, I didn't really have mentor, but when I would read their life's work, it'd somehow feel that I know them. I don't know which, but one of the books made me realize that college was not real life. That it is an artificial environment, isolated from the world. That idea, that got me through some tough times.

So, when I had a chance of getting out of there, during a semester long internship, I grabbed it with both hands. Honestly, that was one of the best experiences of my life. I learned so much there. About people, about life. It broke the cycle. It was real. Then, when I came back to college, it made me see the college in a whole another light. I realized that there was nothing wrong with the place. It was just me. I mean, people had the happiest times of their lives their. They literally didn't want to leave the place. I couldn't wait to get out of it. There were butterflies in my heart when I took that last final exam. I knew it was over. I had done it. And other people, all these faces I had seen again and again, they couldn't stop crying. 

I was jumping with joy.

I got out of college, but it took some time for the place to get out of me. I got a decent job, and then during the summer, I got an amazing opportunity to teach a few workshops. That was the time I really let go. All the conversations that I didn't have, that I should have had, I let it pour. I would go off one anyone. I didn't even let the security guards go. Damn, it felt great to talk again. I missed it. 

It didn't all happen at once, though. I had gotten so used to the silence, that it took me some time to realize that there are people in the world who would listen to me. Maybe, even, they want to listen to me.

You know, I didn't even attend my graduation. I just didn't want to go to that place. People told me it was a bad decision. I don't care. I don't ever want to be like that. 

Dull. 

Lifeless. 

Depressed.

So, now, I'm on a path to fix myself. It's funny, I have already forgotten most of my college experiences. I want to forget them. I remember high school more vividly than I do college. 

This thing that I'm doing - I don't know what to call it - is just my way of acknowledging the damage that I went through in college and repairing it. Now, make no mistake, I don't blame the place for it. The responsibility lies on me. I did this to myself. When I talk to the man in the mirror, I see me, but five years ago. I ruined that kid's life. Its on me to fix it. 

And fix it, I will. One step at a time. 

So, I start with lifting. Lifting fixes most of your problems, someone told me that. But this time, I'm going for the habit, not what comes out of it. I'm just focusing on the work. I wanted to do it properly, so I educated myself. With lifting, there is a shitload of advice out there. Too much noise. Most of them are just trying to sell you something. So you listen to the person who's trying to sell you nothing. The guy who is just telling you stuff because he likes it so much that he can't stop talking about it. That is more than what I need to know. 

That is enough. It's not my profession. It will never be. I just want to avoid injury and lift heavy weights. That's it.

I don't care about the little things. Okay, working out like this will increase my muscle mass by 1%, but I don't enjoy working out like this. I'll work out like that, and I'm willing to let go of the 1% gain. I just want to put in my 40 minutes and get out. I can't workout for 4 hours like a maniac. I can't obsess over every millimeter of my bicep size. You can, because that's how you make money. 

I have a job.

I have a life. Or at least, I want to.

So, in conclusion, for the first month, I just made sure the exercises I was doing, I was doing them correctly, and the program I was following was enjoyable enough that I could see myself doing it forever.

Because that's what I want. 

Lifting for life.
