---
layout: post
title:  "Entry #3 - Rented Physique"
author: "Parav"
---

I'm painting a landscape. I can't seem to draw the leaves correctly. With a sheepish look on my face, I pick up the pad and walk to my teacher. The pad is large, and heavy. My hands are really small. 

I don't paint. This is a dream.

The little me shows the instructor the pad. 

"I can't seem to figure out the leaves.", he says. The instructor looks at him with a gentle expression. 

"Drawing leaves is the first thing I taught you." 

"Have you not been practicing?"

He just stands there. Then the little me looks at the real me.

I wake up. 

I'm terrified. This is the first dream that has felt this real to me. I shake it off and check my phone. Its 4:30 AM. An hour early. I set an alarm for 5:30 AM and planned on going to the gym at 6.

Today is the first day. Today is Shoulders day. Why shoulders? I don't know. I love the shoulder press. I start watching videos on form and reading articles on best exercises. One article leads to another and I land on this program for Natural Lifters. The guy mentions something about the concept of "Rented Physique" for people who juice. I guess he was implying that muscle mass disappears once you get off the steroids. 

That got me thinking - steroids or not, your physique is still rented. I mean, you still have to follow the proper nutrition and go to the gym regularly.

I should know.

I go to the gym, and all my brain is trying to think about is what else is "Rented".  

Almost everything. I realized that there are very few things in life that require no maintenance. Everything else requires consistent time and effort to acquire, and then keep. 

And so, you have to consider what are you willing to pay for. I remember when the first time I had to replace a part in my motorcycle. I was talking about it to one of my two friends and he told me that  if you want to keep an elephant as a pet, you'll have to feed it.

**Weigh in:**  112.4 Kg
