---
layout: post
title:  "Entry #13 - Call Me"
author: "Parav"
comments: false
---

I'm going through my contacts, to find someone who I can call.

This lockdown has left me even more lonelier than I was before. I used to atleast get to see some faces. I could think about their stories. I could make a connection with them in my mind. 

Damn, I sound like a psychopath.

I realize that I have no one to call. I've been calling home a lot lately. Usually, I just make an excuse about needing to know something while I'm cooking. I never thought I'd miss social interaction to this extent. And this need, this need of mine to express myself didn't exist a little while ago. I was perfectly fine to be sitting all day watching TV shows in my room. I didn't also have much of a life back then.

Stuff has changed now. But just because I want to talk more doesn't mean I magically have new friends. The semi-friends I have, you know, besides the two real friends, usually don't pick up my phone, or are busy somewhere and then forget to call me back. That is why I call them semi-friends. Because these are, like most of my other relationships, one sided relationships. When they need me, which happens sometimes, and I don't pick up, for some reason, they get really offended. Like I'm their best friend.

I guess that's just how it is.

I ended up breaking my fast after one day. Didn't do it for 3 days. I think I could have done it, but I decided not to. As it is, I'm not going to the gym, and working out at home isn't just the same. I don't want to lose muscle by not giving my body at least some amount of protein. 

But, to be able to control myself to that extent - I never thought I'd be able to do that. It's liberating. It's empowering.

Anyways, those things aside, I'm kind of feeling sad today. More than usual. I just want to go to the office, and meet people.

**Weigh in:** 106.8
