---
layout: post
title:  "Entry #7 - Not Yet"
author: "Parav"
---

The first month comes to an end today. Its a strange feeling of accomplishment. I know I have miles to go from here and this is just a start, but man, does it feel good. The only thing that doesn't though, is that my weight hasn't changed. But I have made progress in my lifts. I benched more than 100 Kg for the first time in my life. I deadlifted more than 150.

I had the courage to face the man in the mirror today. He seemed happy, though I couldn't really tell from the expression. I'm not naive enough to think that one month makes a large difference. As if this is supposed to wipe the slate clean. The years of abuse I've subjected him to doesn't just go away. I'll always stay with me, and with him. It'll always be visible - in the form of the stretch marks on the shoulders, on the waist, on the arms. It'll always remind us of the times I quit. 

The times I ran away. It feels like I've been drunk for so long. I watched it all slip away in my drunken stupor. It is unfair for me to ask him to trust me with the reigns now. After I've been lying around in gutter passed out somewhere for so long. 

Every time, I come back and stay just long enough to earn his trust, and then continue with my old habits. There's no reason this time will be different. Its not as if I had some big epiphany that inspired me to make a change. It was just me being tired of being fat, ugly and lonely.

And to be honest, I don't feel as excited as I have felt some of the other times. But the thing is, I have not given up yet. I have not convinced myself that this is not worth it yet. So I'm gonna move on to the next task.

**Weigh in:** 115.1
