---
layout: post
title:  "Entry #16 - Turning 25"
author: "Parav"
comments: false
---

I turned 25 today.

Woo fuckin hoo

Even though it evening, and not night, I'm done for the day. I took off from work like I had something to do. An illusion that I lead an interesting life, which I have managed to convince so many, including myself.

I gave up last year. Didn't even last three months. I guess birthday's are new years for me. Make some unrealistic and uncharacteristic resolutions and then break them after a couple of days. Three months is still I think the most I've lasted. 

I thought of being ashamed of myself, but like the Bernie meme, I'm once again asking for your support. Once again here, to undertake a new journey to improve myself.

This time I'm gonna be even more lax on myself. Apparently I'm so bad that I can't even seem to stick to a basic fucking plan. 

Let's pretend I'm starting for the first time again. My baseline stats are horrendous. I'm fat, ugly and alone, yadda yadda yadda.

Boo hoo.

Poor me.

No one cares.

So, lets start with the fat part first. That is all I'm going to focus on. I think that has the most obvious fix. Eat less, move more.

I'm 102 Kg right now. 10 Kg less than last year, at least that's an improvement, but we're gonna pretend that last year didn't happen. 

So, 102 Kg at 5'10. Even if I assume that my body has the maximum amount of muscle that is naturally possible for elite genetics, I should weigh around 84 Kg to be absolutely ripped. Let's target 87Kg cause the math is easy. That means I need to lose 15 kg of weight, most of it needs to be fat.

Once I reach 87, I'll be in a better position to judge on the amount of fat I still need to lose. But at least then, I will no longer be "fat". I reckon I'd actually look quite decent - you know, fitness wise - no gym for the face though.

Now, its obvious that I don't stick to things for very long from my history. So let's not try to lose it the "healthy" way of losing a pound a week. Let's crash diet.

Three months, 15 Kg. That is a very ambitious goal considering my body. But I'm gonna try anyway. I'd be happy with anything more than 10 Kg though. But I'm going to shoot for 15. That's it.

That is all I'm going to do for three months. Nothing else. 

Let's see how that works out.

Now, regarding other areas, most of them are just like they were last year. Nothing is worse though. So at least no deterioration has happened. I guess I could count it as a half win - considering corona and all.

Still have the two friends. But its not like I didn't try. Talked to a lot of people for a lot of reasons, but most interactions just turned out to be shitty. 

Also got a small promotion at work. So moved a little ahead in my career. That's good, I guess. But that's about it. No progress in any other areas. I seriously think this year is going to be different, but I have thought that for most other years, so who knows. At least will try to keep posting even if things go to shit. 

