---
layout: post
title:  "Entry #17 - Failure"
author: "Parav"
comments: false
---

What a spectacular failure. Here I am again, after almost two years, even worse than where I was earlier. A lot has happened in this time, but again, it is mostly a blur.
Dealing with failure is difficult, you know. Lose weight, gain it back again. Rinse, repeat. It has sort of become a routine. I want to break out of this routine. 
I will start again. This time, I hope it will last for a little while longer.

One good thing is that during this time, I have made immense progress in music, and also got another promotion at work. So, at least these years were not *all* a waste of time.
There are a few different goals now that I have, different from the one year program that I started earlier.

First, there is no need for me to learn about nutrition to eat healthy. I have started counting calories again and I think that is all I need. The problem I have is with consistency
and not lack of knowledge. This time, I will count calories everyday for a long period of time, even if I consume the same meals everyday.

Second is gym and working out. Again, the problem here is with consistency. I will record all my workouts this time. Maybe that'll help in consistency. 

My hygiene has mostly been on point now for a long time. I have become kind of neat. My space looks good. Everything is kind of organized. That helps my mental game. 
Showering frequency has been improved and I follow a skin and hair care routine. Do not think a lot of work is needed in this area.

Finance - has been sorted. As I grow more in my career, I have naturally been able to learn a few tricks and ways to manage my finances. It is also something I frequently think about.
Don't think I need to work on this deliberately this time.

Career - This needs some work. I need to be more productive at work to get ahead at a faster pace. It has never been my intention to be the star employee. The goal is to find a good work-life balance.
And right now, it leans a tad too much towards the life column, and my coworkers and manager can tell. This does not need too much fixing, just a bit less lazying around is enough. This is one of 
my goals this time. 

Hobbies - I have made tremendous progress here. Now, I need to make it known. Start a youtube channel, spotify, you know - showcase stuff. This is also another goal of mine this time.

Side Hustle - Have decided to scrap this point. Don't really need to have a side hustle. If my music or photography goes somewhere, then maybe we'll see. 
Or if I get a new idea that I will need to work on for a short period of time. But nothing I will work actively on.

Style - A precursor to this is getting fit. There is really no point getting new clothes and developing a style that then again I will have to change. The current stuff I have is good enough for now.
Will come back to this later.

Social Skills/Game - Have become better, but not where I want them to be. Another one of my goals.

Spirituality - I have not thought about this for a long time, but this also is an area that I need to work upon. 

Goals for the next one year:

- Lose about 20Kgs. Current weight is 115 Kg.
- Release 10 songs.
- Make more friends.
- Create profiles on dating applications.
- Perform a live show.

Processes:

- Count calories everyday.
- Workout at least three days a week.
- Schedule time for making music.
- Become active in the local music community.
- Learn and practice old man conversation.



